# Dataset Usage Rules
1. This dataset and its subsets can only be used for academic research.

2. Applicants are not allowed to use this dataset and its subsets for any commercial purposes.

3. Without permission, it is not allowed to forward, publish, or distribute this dataset or its subsets to any organization or individual in any way or by any means.

4. Any copy and sharing requests should be forwarded to the official contact email.

5. Please cite our paper if the GREW dataset is useful to your research:
```
@inproceedings{zhu2021gait,
    title={Gait Recognition in the Wild: A Benchmark},
    author={Zheng Zhu, Xianda Guo, Tian Yang, Junjie Huang, 
        Jiankang Deng, Guan Huang, Dalong Du,Jiwen Lu, Jie Zhou},
    booktitle={IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV)},
    year={2021}              
}
```

# Dataset Access
1. All users can obtain and use this dataset and its subsets only after signing the [Agreement](GREW-Benchmark/docs/license_agreement_for_GREW_dataset.pdf) and sending it to the official contact email address.
2. For students, research groups, or research institutions who need to obtain this data for academic research, the signatures of both the Responsible Party and the Point of Contact are required. The Responsible Party should be the tutor of the research group or the representative of the research institution and has the authority to be responsible for the matters related to the Agreement. (The Responsible Party should be a fixed personnel of the institution, students and other floating personnel cannot be the Responsible Party). The Point of Contact (POC) is an individual with detailed knowledge of the dataset application. In some cases, the Responsible Party and the POC may be the same person. At the same time, the homepage of the Responsible Party (or the homepage of the research group, laboratory, Department, etc., including the basic information of the Responsible Party) must be provided to prove the role of the Responsible Party.
3. Please send the signed Agreement to the official contact email (zhengzhu@ieee.org) in the form of a scanned copy. Please CC the Responsible Party when sending the email.
4. Email format for GREW dataset application:
Subject: GREW Dataset Application
CC: The email address of the Responsible Party
Attachment: license_agreement_for_GREW_dataset.pdf (scanned copy)

If you want to download the GREW dataset, please send an email to (zhengzhu@ieee.org)
